Copyright (c) 2016 "Cowboy" Ben Alman, contributors

------------------------------------------------------------------

IMPORTANT: grunt-contrib-jshint (the glue code for executing
JSHint from Grunt) is covered by the MIT license terms below.

JSHint itself is obviously essential to use grunt-contrib-jshint.

JSHint is covered by a more restrictive license which has been
determined to be be non-free and is therefore unsuitable for
inclusion in larger projects that are released under a free
license or a committment to use only free software.  Projects
like Debian and Fedora are in this category.

Any composite product produced by or including JSHint is licensed
under the composition of the strictest terms in all relevant
licenses.  Where the licenses of two products contain terms
that contradict each other, the licenses are incompatible and
the products can't be used or distributed together.

In particular,

- any user or distributor of grunt-contrib-jshint is also
  bound by the "No Evil" clause in JSHint

- Anybody using or distributing a GPL licensed library as part of a
  composite piece of work can't use or distribute JSHint with it and
  therefore can't use/distribute grunt-contrib-jshint either

------------------------------------------------------------------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
